Esa gaia gaiapcr 1290 include the new data link linking parameter (#2859)
astropy/astroquery: docs/gaia/gaia.rst

  >>> Gaia.share_table_stop(table_name="user_<user_login_name>.my_table", group_name="my_group")

---------------------------
3. Datalink service (Public and Authenticated)
---------------------------

DataLink_ is a data access protocol compliant with the IVOA_ architecture that provides a linking mechanism between
datasets offered by different services. In practice, it can be seen and used as a web service providing the list of additional
data products available for each object outside the main catalogue(s). For more information about the products served via
DataLink in the Gaia ESA Archive we recommend to read the Archive DataLink tutorials available at https://www.cosmos.esa.int/web/gaia-users/archive/datalink-products.

> The DataLink products are publicly accessible via Astroquery.Gaia using the *load_data* method. The following example shows how to retrieve the DataLink products associated to three sources in Gaia DR3:

Reviewer: Do link to the API docs whenever possible. Also, moved the mention of the dictionary result from the dropped example below.

```suggestion
The DataLink products are publicly accessible via the `~astroquery.gaia.Gaia.load_data` method. 
The following example shows how to retrieve the DataLink products associated with three sources in Gaia DR3 as a python dictionary:
```

Author: We are happy with your changes.

> .. code-block:: python
> 
>   >>> retrieval_type = 'ALL'          # Options are: 'EPOCH_PHOTOMETRY', 'MCMC_GSPPHOT', 'MCMC_MSC', 'XP_SAMPLED', 'XP_CONTINUOUS', 'RVS', 'ALL'
>   >>> data_structure = 'COMBINED'     # Options are: 'INDIVIDUAL', 'COMBINED', 'RAW'
>   >>> data_release   = 'Gaia DR3'     # Options are: 'Gaia DR3' (default), 'Gaia DR2'
>   >>> datalink = Gaia.load_data(ids=[2263166706630078848, 2263178457660566784, 2268372099615724288], data_release = data_release, retrieval_type=retrieval_type, data_structure = data_structure, verbose = False, output_file = None)
> 

Reviewer: These will need to be tested, and a little bit reformatted.
```suggestion
.. doctest-remote-data::

  >>> retrieval_type = 'ALL'          # Options are: 'EPOCH_PHOTOMETRY', 'MCMC_GSPPHOT', 'MCMC_MSC', 'XP_SAMPLED', 'XP_CONTINUOUS', 'RVS', 'ALL'
  >>> data_structure = 'COMBINED'     # Options are: 'INDIVIDUAL', 'COMBINED', 'RAW'
  >>> data_release   = 'Gaia DR3'     # Options are: 'Gaia DR3' (default), 'Gaia DR2'
  >>> datalink = Gaia.load_data(ids=[2263166706630078848, 2263178457660566784, 2268372099615724288], 
  ...                           data_release=data_release, retrieval_type=retrieval_type, data_structure=data_structure)
  >>> datalink.keys()
  dict_keys(['MCMC_GSPPHOT_COMBINED.xml', 'EPOCH_PHOTOMETRY_COMBINED.xml', 'RVS_COMBINED.xml', 'MCMC_MSC_COMBINED.xml', 'XP_SAMPLED_COMBINED.xml', 'XP_CONTINUOUS_COMBINED.xml'])

```

Author: We are happy with your changes.

> The DataLink products are stored inside a Python Dictionary. Each of its elements (keys) contains a one-element list that can be extracted as follows:
> .. code-block:: python
> 
>   >>> dl_keys  = [inp for inp in datalink.keys()]
>   >>> dl_keys.sort()
>   >>> print(f'The following Datalink products have been downloaded:')
>   >>> for dl_key in dl_keys:
>         print(f' * {dl_key}')

Reviewer: I would say to drop all of this, the example above should be sufficient enough for python users.
```suggestion

```

Author: We are happy with your changes.
